Make `value` for custom instruments easier to use (#5472)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/telemetry/instrumentation/selectors.mdx

| `response_header`     | Yes         |                             | The name of a response header                                        |
| `response_status`     | Yes         | `code`\|`reason`            | The response status                                                  |
| `response_context`    | Yes         |                             | The name of a response context key                                   |
| `baggage`             | Yes         |                             | The name of a baggage item                                           |
| `env`                 | Yes         |                             | The name of an environment variable                                  |
| `on_graphql_error`    | No          | `true`\|`false`             | Boolean set to true if the response payload contains a graphql error |
| `static`              | No          |                             | A static string value                                                |
| `error`               | No          | `reason`                    | a string value containing error reason when it's a critical error    |

> #### Supergraph

Reviewer: These should all be H3s to they're visible in the table of contents. Again, happy to update.

Author: Yes, go ahead

Reviewer: https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5472/commits/f5153df05b8b984ef5d9e1fe3b1b08344bc6d03f

| `supergraph_query`          | Yes         | `string`         | The graphql query to the supergraph                                            |
| `supergraph_query_variable` | Yes         |                  | The name of a supergraph query variable                                        |
| `request_context`           | Yes         |                  | The name of a request context key                                              |
| `response_context`          | Yes         |                  | The name of a response context key                                             |
| `baggage`                   | Yes         |                  | The name of a baggage item                                                     |
| `env`                       | Yes         |                  | The name of an environment variable                                            |
| `static`                    | No          |                  | A static string value                                                          |
| `error`                     | No          | `reason`         | a string value containing error reason when it's a critical error              |

#### GraphQL

> GraphQL metrics are extracted from the response data being returned to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GraphQL metrics are extracted from the response data the router returns to client requests.
```

| Selector         | Defaultable | Values           | Description                                 |
|------------------|-------------|------------------|---------------------------------------------|
| `list_length`    | No          | `value`          | The length of a list from the response data |
| `field_name`     | No          | `string`         | The name of a field from the response data  |
| `field_type`     | No          | `string`         | The type of a field from the response data  |

> | `type_name`      | No          |                  | The graphql from the response data          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `type_name`      | No          |                  | The GraphQL type from the response data          |
```

| `operation_name` | Yes         | `string`\|`hash` | The operation name of the query             |

> | `static`         | No          |                  | A static string value                       |

Reviewer: Perhaps just my ignorance about metrics/telemetry: do these apply to _any_ list/field/type etc. in the response data?

Author: Yes, these are metrics around response data where we tie the data back to the graphql schema.
